TO USE:
As default, everything is otherwise set up to work from the get-go, except the step #1 below needs to be done. This assumes, however, that the same electrode matrix is used as previously. The used electrode pad had 8 pairs of electrodes in a single line (which was conveniently wrapped around the user's forearm) and was connected to the BiMatrix normally (but outputs 1-3 did not connect, so the first connecting electrode was to BiMatrix output #4). Technically it doesn't matter if the used electrode pad is different, as long as it has 16 electrodes that are connected to BiMatrix outputs 4-19.

1. In fetchRelCoordinates in transfer_data.py, set the correct directory to the opened txt file that is used to relay the target location. For example, in the test case this file was updated from game simulation environment every 100ms or so. In any case, the file should always only contain one row where the coordinates are given in the user's coordinate frame as "X,Y", so for example "50,100" (not including the quotation marks). The user's coordinate frame is set up so that the user is always at 0,0 and is looking towards positive Y-axis.
2. Set desired settings in the settings.py file. The main settings to consider are the bimatrix settings of BM_VOLTAGE, BM_CURRENTRANGE and BM_COMMONPULSEAMPLITUDE. Most other settings are overwritten during code execution. Also set P_SIZE to match the number of electrode pairs to be used.
3. In ping_to_data.py in function locationToElectrodes modify or create an if-statement for the chosen electrode pair amount (P_SIZE) and map the electrode pairs to the desired outputs of the BiMatrix device as an dictionary where the key is the electrode pair and the value is a tuple of two arrays, each with the number of the desired output, eg. ([5],[6]) for the outputs 5 and 6. Note that most electrode pads available at the lab do not connect to the first 3 outputs (at the time of writing), so the first connected BiMatrix output channel is #4. The keys should be in range 0...P_SIZE. The special key is the electrode pair with key of 0, as it is used for a localization pulse. This is not currently used so it does not matter what electrodes this is mapped to. It can be added to the system by setting P_USELOCPULSE to True in settings.py, in which case the pulse is given first before each pulse sequence and can be used to better localize where the center of the electrode pad is for easier reference of direction.
4. Also in ping_to_data.py in function calcDistances, similarly modify or create an if-statement for the chosen electrode pair amount (P_SIZE) and map each of the electrode pairs to a theoretical spatial mapping. Here, the keys correspond to the electrode pairs that were set in the previous step in the function locationToElectrodes. The values are the spatial theoretical location of each electrode pair, which is used to calculate the order, timing, and intensity of when each electrode pair should execute a pulse depending on where the target is. This mapping does not need to correspond to the physical layout of the electrodes on the user's skin. For example, currently the used P_SIZE is 8 for eight electrode pairs to be used. In calcDistances, all electrodes were mapped while keeping their y-value at zero, which means that they were mapped to a single line along the x-axis, so that the electrodes were centered at users head (ie. the mapping of the electrode pairs 1...4 have negative x-axis value so they expand to the left of the user, whereas electrode pairs 5...8 have positive x-axis value so they are expanding to the right of the user).
